README.md, before:


## Citro take-home test / MovieBazar

This is a  React Native (Expo) project for citro as a part of application process provided by me (John Baishya). The task was to implement a movie search application using TMDB or any other similar apis and was told to Feel free to use any libraries.

Expo-router and Nativewind were already installed and configured.


### Requirements Fulfilled
- Customers should be able to search for movies by title (fulfilled)
- Search result list should display metadata for each movie (fulfilled)
- clicking on a movie should display the details about that movie (fulfilled)
    - this can be in as a modal or a separate details screen (fulfilled)

### Steps to run the project
- Clone the Project in local environment
- Inside the root directory of the project execute commant "npm install"  to install all the required dependencies
- Execute the following commands to run the project
    1. for android  - "npm run android"
    2. for ios - "npm run ios"
    3. for web - "npm run web"

Commit message:

added one extra point in steps to run the project section in readme file

README.md, after:


## Citro take-home test / MovieBazar

This is a  React Native (Expo) project for citro as a part of application process provided by me (John Baishya). The task was to implement a movie search application using TMDB or any other similar apis and was told to Feel free to use any libraries.

Expo-router and Nativewind were already installed and configured.


### Requirements Fulfilled
- Customers should be able to search for movies by title (fulfilled)
- Search result list should display metadata for each movie (fulfilled)
- clicking on a movie should display the details about that movie (fulfilled)
    - this can be in as a modal or a separate details screen (fulfilled)

### Steps to run the project
- Clone the Project in local environment
- Inside the root directory of the project execute commant "npm install"  to install all the required dependencies
- Rename the file `constants/appConstants.example.ts` with `Constants/appConstants.ts` 
- Update the file `appConstants.ts` with your custom constant variables.
- Execute the following commands to run the project
    1. for android  - "npm run android"
    2. for ios - "npm run ios"
    3. for web - "npm run web"
